Dice Game Documentation
Introduction
This documentation provides an overview and instructions for playing a dice game implemented in C++. 
The game allows multiple players to roll dice and compete to achieve the highest score. Each player 
takes turns rolling the dice and accumulating points based on the outcome.


Game Rules

1.The game is played with a set of standard six-sided dice.
2.The number of players and the number of dice per roll can be specified at the beginning of the game.
3.Each player takes turns rolling the dice.
4.The sum of the dice values rolled by a player in each turn contributes to their score.
5.If a player rolls a 1, their turn ends, and they lose all the points accumulated in that turn.
6.A player can choose to roll the dice multiple times in a single turn until they decide to stop or until they roll a 1.
7.The first player to reach or exceed a specified winning score wins the game.
8.In case of a tie, the player who reached the winning score first is declared the winner.


Game Components
The game includes the following components:

1.Dice: The game uses standard six-sided dice. Each die has numbers from 1 to 6.

2.Player: Each player has a name and a score. The score represents the total points accumulated during the game.

3.Game Manager: The game manager controls the flow of the game. It handles player turns, dice rolling, and scoring.

Compilation and Execution
To compile and run the game, follow these steps:

1.Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system (e.g., GCC, Clang).

2.Save the game code to a file with the ".cpp" extension (e.g., dice_game.cpp).

3.Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you saved the file.

4.Compile the code using the following command:

  >Copy code<
g++ -o dice_game dice_game.cpp

5.Run the game by executing the compiled executable:

bash
Copy code
./dice_game

Game Interaction
Once the game starts, you will be prompted to enter the number of players, the number of dice per roll, and the winning score. 
Follow the on-screen instructions and provide the requested information.

During a player's turn, they will be prompted to roll the dice or stop. If they choose to roll, the dice will be rolled, and the outcome will be displayed. 
The player can continue rolling or stop and accumulate the points. If a player rolls a 1, their turn ends, and they lose all the points accumulated in that 
turn.

The game continues until a player reaches or exceeds the winning score. The winner is then announced, and the game terminates.

Example Gameplay

Here's an example of a game session:

yaml
    Copy code
 Welcome to the Dice Game!

Number of players: 2
Number of dice per roll: 2
Winning score: 50

Player 1, it's your turn.
Rolling 2 dice...
You rolled: 3 4
Points accumulated: 7
Roll again? (Y/N) Y
Rolling 2 dice...
You rolled: 2 5
Points accumulated: 14
Roll again? (Y/N) N
Turn ended. Total score: 14

Player 2, it's your turn.
Rolling 2 dice...
You rolled: 6 6
Points accumulated: 12
Roll again? (Y/N) Y
Rolling 2 dice...
You rolled: 1
Turn ended. Total score: 0

...

Player 1, it's your turn.
Rolling 2 dice

Conclusion
This documentation provided an overview of the dice game and instructions for playing it. Compile and run the game code to start playing. 
Enjoy the game and have fun!




